feat(nix): flakify (#59)
MrcJkb/haskell-tools.nvim: README.md

[^1] It is suggested to use the [latest release tag](./CHANGELOG.md)
     and to update it manually, if you would like to avoid breaking changes.

> This project provides flake outputs in the form of a package and an overlay; use it as you wish in your nixos or 
> home-manager configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For NixOS users with flakes enabled, this project provides outputs in the form of a package and an overlay; use it as you wish in your nixos or home-manager configuration.
It is also available on `nixpkgs`.
```
